Resolve arguments in inheritance specifiers and fix scope for expressions in storage layout specifiers (#1291)
NomicFoundation/slang: .changeset/rude-flowers-walk.md

---
"@nomicfoundation/slang": patch
---

> Resolve arguments to inheritance specifiers and expressions in storage layout specifiers using the contract's parent scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolve arguments to inheritance specifiers and expressions in storage layout specifiers using the contract or interface parent scope.
```
